# ARCADE

Will have several fun games that supports several different currencies and credits.
Current Priorities:
BlackJack

## Purpose

The initial purpose of this class is to rebuild the BlackJack game using good OOP practices and SOLID principles.
The classes will be extensible to several other Casino/Arcade games.

Most games will have an Expected Value (EV) calculator that can generate how much currency you will win or lose over time.
Some systems will be much harder to implement than others.

As the focus is BlackJack for now, the program will simulate millions of hands and generate Basic Strategy tables using various counting system techniques.

## Update

ShoeTest now shuffles through an array of cards generated by a rogue clone.

The next master push will focus mainly on the image fetchers and srcfactory classes. Will make some hardened extensions that have default values, styles and settings for simplicity.


## Next Master Push Goals

- [ ] Implement interface for back button on the Panel Swap class. (will require careful planning, looking to avoid global references.)
- [ ] Clean up some useless functions. Some functions have unused parameters.
- [ ] Overhaul README.md with flow images:
	- [ ] Generic library independancy
	- [ ] Generic game item diversion independancy
	- [ ] Generic animation diversion independancy

## High level structure.

To be updated with images.
The "arcade" package will be treated as a library (will be reusable in different projects).
The "animation" package will be treated as a library (will be reusable in different projects).
The "app" package will utilize the arcade and animation libraries as necessary.
